Hey, I didn't expect to go out and come back to this ghost place within a few days
At this frequency
Might as well rent a single room in prison
Save three days and two ends of running back and forth
But then again
Before that
I have thought about how Sun Jiao will make a move
assassination
threaten
kidnapping
I really didn't expect them to choose to plant dirty humph
And it's still so superficially dirty
Oh, I see.
After all, Qin Feng was underestimated by others
Ouch, good morning head
Mr. Lu Ya
Someone wants to pick up the minister himself
Be honest, lest I pick on your hamstrings
Drag out
Unexpectedly, a dignified party was trapped
In order to cling to the powerful, he would not hesitate to frame others
Aren't you afraid of retribution?
Retribution is up to you
Hahahaha
Call me
Just an ant
What are you going to do to me?
You will regret it.
regret
I want to see what you do to make me regret it.
Press me down